
What makes a good test?
Make sure to do the following when recording your test video:

1.Read ALL instructions out loud!
From the moment you start your test, you should read every instruction out loud. Don’t read anything in your head.
This helps the website owner to know where you are in your test, and shows them that you have fully read and understood the directions.

Put yourself in the right frame of mind!
Every test will begin with a “frame of mind” you should adopt. For example, maybe the frame of mind is that you’re planning for a wedding. Put yourself in that situation and imagine what you would be thinking about:
Would it be indoors or outdoors? Do you have a date in mind? How many people would you invite? What would your color scheme be? etc.
Note that the website owners want to understand what you would do on their site in a relevant situation, so try to get into the frame of mind they give you all the way through the test.

3.Perform all the tasks, in order!
You must attempt all of the tasks in the test before submitting it. DO NOT jump ahead. Perform each task as it comes up, and when you have completed it, move on the next one.
It is alright to go back to a previous task if you need to re-check or clarify something.
If you attempt to perform a task to the best of your ability, but cannot figure out how to finish it (or if there is a problem with the website that makes it impossible), state why you cannot complete it and then move on. 
You will NOT be penalized for this as long as you tried.


4.Follow task instructions closely!
Before beginning each task, read it carefully to make sure you have understood what is being asked.
If the task has multiple parts or steps, make sure to do all of them. Before clicking on to the next task, 
quickly scan the task instructions once more to yourself just to make sure you have addressed all parts of it.

Always keep talking!
Verbalize all your impressions, expectations, and the motivations for your actions. For example, if you see a menu item on the website that you want to click, say what it means to you, what you think it will do, and why you would click on that one.
Don't just say something like "This site is confusing" and then move on-explain why it's confusing to you!
The reason the website owner is running this test is to understand exactly what's going on in your head while you use their
 site, so just say aloud everything that you're reading, seeing, and thinking.

6.Pay special attention to little things that could be improved!
No problem is too small to mention. The website designers watching your video want to fix every little thing about their site, 
so even minor annoyances and small details that could be improved are worth bringing up.
Remember, the site designers are looking for any negative feedback, 
so don't be overly positive and act like you love the website if you don't. You won't hurt their feelings!


7.The written post-test survey is important!
Write clearly and concisely, and answer the questions as completely as you can, 
providing examples to support your comments where relevant. If you do not respond! the post-test written questions, 
your test will not be accepted.
